Immersion blender is used to blend or
puree foods right in the pot or container
there's a motor in the handle with a variable
speed and the shaft connects to an s-shaped blade
be careful not to touch the blade
when it's plugged in or in operation
you can use this blender to puree soups right
in the cooking pot or to make vinaigrettes
let's see how it can be used
to make a simple salad dressing
ingredients are measured into the
container where it will be pureed
then we plug in the machine
test the power and then immerse the blade
end into the liquid start on low speed
and then increase too high to
blend and emulsify the ingredients
once done tap any liquids back into the dish
and wash the blade end in hot soapy water but
avoid getting any moisture into the motor area
you